Astro CLI v1.0.0 (All Changes) (#690)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/cli-quickstart.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Install the CLI'
title: 'Install the Astro CLI'
id: cli-quickstart
description: Install the Astro CLI, the best way to run Apache Airflow and test data pipelines on your local machine.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import {siteVariables} from '@site/src/versions';

## Overview

The Astro CLI is the easiest way to run Apache Airflow on your machine.

> From the CLI, you can run a local Apache Airflow environment with a dedicated Webserver, Scheduler and Postgres Database. Once you create an Astro project, you can easily customize it (e.g. add Python or OS-level packages, plugins etc.) and test it on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the CLI, you can create an Astro project and run it on a local Apache Airflow environment with a dedicated Webserver, Scheduler and Postgres Database. Once you create an Astro project, you can easily customize it with your own DAGs, packages, and dependencies.
```

You can also use the CLI to:

- Authenticate to Astro.
- List the Astro Workspace and Deployments you have access to.

> - Deploy a project to Astro.

Reviewer: Delete this and replace with link to Overview?

> This guide provides instructions for how to install the Astro CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides instructions for how install the Astro CLI, create an Astro project, and run an Airflow environment locally. It should take you no longer than 10 minutes.
```
